FIX: small fixes in the QC of unprocessed data section (#463)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/data-management/mriqc.md

        We employ the QCT (mainly) and the BHT as proxies for the quality of the RSfMRI run.
        Screening the reports in the prescribed order (QCT — BHT — RSfMRI) helps identify issues in the QCT and BHT that may anticipate problems in the RSfMRI.

> - [ ] Visualize all echo-wise visualizations of the base report following those four steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Screen all echo-wise visualizations of the base report following these four steps:
```
